src/donation-form/README.dev.md, before:

# Donation Form

See main `README.md` for intended functionality of this package.

#### Development

Node version: v14.17.6 (recommend using [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage Node version.)

Install Dependencies:

```shell script
npm install
```

The `index.html` file is provided for development purposes only.

The project can be run locally using the below command:

```shell script
npm run serve
```

This will watch the source files and rebuild them upon changes, as well as start a local webserver serving the `index.html` page.

This project uses [Lit](https://lit.dev/) as the component library, which builds on top of [Web Components Standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components).

#### Formatting

[Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is installed in this project. Consider setting Prettier to format on save in your IDE.

#### Build

Code for distribution is build using [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/guide/en/).

To build the project, run the below command

```
npm run build
```

This will start a local development server at http://localhost:8000/

Commit message:

Donation Form: Update how sample projects are provided

src/donation-form/README.dev.md, after:

# Donation Form

See main `README.md` for intended functionality of this package.

#### Development

Node version: v14.17.6 (recommend using [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage Node version.)

Install Dependencies:

```shell script
npm install
```

The `index.html` and `src/_sample` contains a sample page using the N3O Donation Form component.

This is provided for development purposes only.

The sample project can be run locally using the below command:

```shell script
npm run serve
```

This will watch the source files and rebuild them upon changes, as well as start a local webserver serving the `index.html` page.

Navigate to http://localhost:8000/ to view the sample project

This project uses [Lit](https://lit.dev/) as the component library, which builds on top of [Web Components Standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components).

#### Formatting

[Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is installed in this project. Consider setting Prettier to format on save in your IDE.

#### Build

Code for distribution is build using [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/guide/en/).

To build the project, run the below command

```
npm run build
```
